In this video you're going to learn how to optimize your videos when you're uploading them so that you
can appear at the top of this search results for the key word or phrase that you were trying to rank
for.
So to get started the first thing you want to do is upload your video.
And before you do this you actually want to make sure that the file name does actually include the key
word that you're trying to rank for.
So in this example I've just typed in the title of the video into the file name here and really the
key word that I want to run for is YouTube on lyrics.
So before you upload do make sure that the title of your video is kind of sad and that you have that
key word in there that's really going to help you with the rankings so quick to upload a blow from a
desktop and that's going to pull that up and you can see that YouTube automatically pulls the file name
and puts it as the title of the video and that's why it's a good idea to have that said before you even
up load it is something that you might want to do is at this stage just you can share all this via if
you want.
This is what I like to do so that I have a chance to make my custom thumbnail.
And so I'm just going to schedule this save for a day where and don't time where I know that a lot of
my audience are going to be on line.
Next thing that we want to do too as you optimize our videos and appear at the top of the search results
is to write a description.
Now when you're looking from from scratch this can be a little bit difficult to do so once it is to
come and have a look at some of the other descriptions that are shown in your competing videos.
That's something I should have mentioned as well about the title of your video.
You really want to create the title of the video that's going to stand out from the other titles that
are here.
Imagine someone typing this into YouTube and scanning down the titles you really want to create a title
that is different that's going to catch their attention and that's going to make them want to click
on your video.
So that's an important thing to do not only for the title but also in the description.
So you can scan and there to to get some ideas if you want another little trick that I like to use to
to build this app quickly is to use what's known as a tag generator and you can just type this into
google.
You're going to see maybe a lot of options here.
I'm going to show you how to do this too rapid times that so often these these tools do change.
So just find anyone that you want if this is no longer working or turns into a premium tool and this
is pretty cool because what you do is pop in the title of your video
and it's going to generate a number of tanks for you.
And what these times are are essentially key words or phrases that people could be typing into YouTube
and you want to tell YouTube that my video is relevant to all of those.
So you really want to copy those and just paste them in as your tags.
Then maybe we can copy all of them here.
Copy and they can paste in straight away.
And the cooling by doing the tags first is that you can get a kind of an idea of how to write a description
that includes all of these.
OK so we could say how to grow your channel
by reviewing YouTube analytics so people are really seeing it's essentially the title just rewritten
another way and including these other things that people may be searching for.
So
increase subscribers
likes comments
and views and
YouTube analytics.
So really what you want to be showing here is one of the benefits of watching this video because this
is what people are going to see in the little snippet here.
So you really want to give people a reason to click through there look at your title they'll look at
the the description and the toenail.
And that's what they'll make the decision on whether they're going to click through.
And if it's better than competitors so you might see a lot of people putting a link just straight here
to their Web site.
And that's actually a bit of a mistake because people are not watching the videos to click to your Web
site.
They want to really learn about something in this case an educational video so be sure to lead with
the benefits.
And then you can say something like get the full course.
Or click through to learn more etc. and link us to your Web site.
No longer descriptions can be better but there's no need to really overdo it.
You really just want to make sure that you're getting that initial description that it looks good when
they're going to click through.
So that is pretty much it.
I'm going to take a little bit of time to optimize this a little bit more put in the link to my website
etc..
Maybe put in a coupon to the complete chorus on I suggest you do the same link back to your Web site
the product page if you're featuring a product to a blog post.
If there's more information there etc. This is really important to include that link.
If you want to get them back to your Web site in order to read your blog there or biproduct concave.
So I've optimized out a little bit put in the link to my web site etc..
And now the next step is just to go ahead and publish that.
And that is scheduled and will be published on this particular date.
So now it's your turn.
Go ahead and upload your video and optimize it for the YouTube search engine.
Following the steps that you've learned in this video.